README.md, before:

# What is this?
I have been a software engineer for about than 3 years, and this place as like a Dictionary helps in my work and allows me to always learn new things.

In learning and development, I bookmarked, and read links, and articles. I thought these may be of use to others, so I trimmed links that weren’t top quality, and collated them hopefully to help people.

I’ll try my best, to apply high standards of only allowing only the best links to make it here, so feel free to add one you think I'm missing, replace a poor link with a better one or make a case for a link to be removed (if it no longer works, or is inaccurate, etc.)

# Table of Contents  
[How to become an Efficient and High-Performance Software Engineer](#how-to-become-an-efficient-and-high-performance-software-engineer)

[Address websites useful](#address-websites-useful)

[Developer Documentations](#developer-documentations)

[Get technology news](#get-technology-news)

[Find the best Books](#find-the-best-books)

[Find the best Videos](#find-the-best-videos)

[Learn about Computer](#learn-about-computer)

[Be a Tech Lead](#be-a-tech-lead)

[How to start a company](#how-to-start-a-company)

# How to become an Efficient and High-Performance Software Engineer

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-become-a-better-developer/ <br/>
https://michaelscodingspot.com/11-tips-to-become-an-efficient-high-performance-software-developer/ <br/>
https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-become-a-very-efficient-software-developer-What-skills-does-one-need-to-become-a-good-senior-software-engineer <br/>
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-become-a-great-software-developer/ <br/>
https://medium.com/@mygreatlearning/8-tips-on-how-to-be-an-effective-software-engineer-f314e0ed4fd3 <br/>
https://medium.com/geekculture/the-top-11-productivity-tips-for-software-engineers-5e58ddb5aaa <br/>
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/8-smart-approach-to-become-an-effective-software-engineer-654762aa5a8a <br/>
https://plan.io/blog/become-a-productive-software-engineer/

# Address websites useful
https://github.com/explore <br/>
https://stackoverflow.com/ <br/>
https://medium.com/ <br/>
https://www.reddit.com/search/?q=software%20engineer&type=link <br/>
https://dev.to/ <br/>
https://hashnode.com/

# Developer Documentations
https://devdocs.io/

# Get technology news
https://news.ycombinator.com/

# Find the best Books
https://github.com/learn-anything/books <br/>
https://github.com/AB1908/CS-Books <br/>
https://www.java67.com/2018/01/10-must-read-books-for-coders-of-all-level.html

# Find the best Videos
https://github.com/Developer-Y/cs-video-courses <br/>
https://educationecosystem.com/projects

# Learn about Computer
## How does computer work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB4I2CgkcCo

# Be a Tech Lead
https://github.com/kealanparr/Every-link-I-wish-I-had-as-a-beginner#Be-a-tech-lead

# How to start a company
https://github.com/kealanparr/Every-link-I-wish-I-had-as-a-beginner#Start-a-company

Commit message:

update: how to get remote job

README.md, after:

# What is this?
I have been a software engineer for about than 3 years, and this place as like a Dictionary helps in my work and allows me to always learn new things.

In learning and development, I bookmarked, and read links, and articles. I thought these may be of use to others, so I trimmed links that weren’t top quality, and collated them hopefully to help people.

I’ll try my best, to apply high standards of only allowing only the best links to make it here, so feel free to add one you think I'm missing, replace a poor link with a better one or make a case for a link to be removed (if it no longer works, or is inaccurate, etc.)

# Table of Contents  
[How to become an Efficient and High-Performance Software Engineer](#how-to-become-an-efficient-and-high-performance-software-engineer)

[Address websites useful](#address-websites-useful)

[Developer Documentations](#developer-documentations)

[Get technology news](#get-technology-news)

[Find the best Books](#find-the-best-books)

[Find the best Videos](#find-the-best-videos)

[Learn about Computer](#learn-about-computer)

[Be a Tech Lead](#be-a-tech-lead)

[How to get Remote job](#how-to-get-remote-job)

[How to start a company](#how-to-start-a-company)

# How to become an Efficient and High-Performance Software Engineer

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-become-a-better-developer/ <br/>
https://michaelscodingspot.com/11-tips-to-become-an-efficient-high-performance-software-developer/ <br/>
https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-become-a-very-efficient-software-developer-What-skills-does-one-need-to-become-a-good-senior-software-engineer <br/>
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-become-a-great-software-developer/ <br/>
https://medium.com/@mygreatlearning/8-tips-on-how-to-be-an-effective-software-engineer-f314e0ed4fd3 <br/>
https://medium.com/geekculture/the-top-11-productivity-tips-for-software-engineers-5e58ddb5aaa <br/>
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/8-smart-approach-to-become-an-effective-software-engineer-654762aa5a8a <br/>
https://plan.io/blog/become-a-productive-software-engineer/

# Address websites useful
https://github.com/explore <br/>
https://stackoverflow.com/ <br/>
https://medium.com/ <br/>
https://www.reddit.com/search/?q=software%20engineer&type=link <br/>
https://dev.to/ <br/>
https://hashnode.com/

# Developer Documentations
https://devdocs.io/

# Get technology news
https://news.ycombinator.com/

# Find the best Books
https://github.com/learn-anything/books <br/>
https://github.com/AB1908/CS-Books <br/>
https://www.java67.com/2018/01/10-must-read-books-for-coders-of-all-level.html

# Find the best Videos
https://github.com/Developer-Y/cs-video-courses <br/>
https://educationecosystem.com/projects

# Learn about Computer
## How does computer work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB4I2CgkcCo

# Be a Tech Lead
https://github.com/kealanparr/Every-link-I-wish-I-had-as-a-beginner#Be-a-tech-lead

# How to get Remote job
https://github.com/kealanparr/Every-link-I-wish-I-had-as-a-beginner#remote-jobs <br/>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFIauKbM5K0

# How to start a company
https://github.com/kealanparr/Every-link-I-wish-I-had-as-a-beginner#Start-a-company
